# Meeting minutes of Harbor community conf call on 2018/12/26

## Topics

Early preview for 1.7 new features online GC and Helm chart repository enhancements.

More details, please check the [slides](./community_call_2018-12-26.pptx).

## Minutes

* First, **_Steven Zou_** repeated the related community operations.
  * Welcome comments for the submitted proposals in [community repository](https://github.com/goharbor/community/pulls)
  * Issues with label `help wanted` is a good start
  * Update the FAQ if you have resolve a problem with a good general solutions
  * Update the [meeting schedule doc](https://github.com/goharbor/community/blob/master/MEETING_SCHEDULE.md) if you want to talk about some topics in community meeting
* Then **_Steven Zou_** shared some news from the KubeCon Seattle
  * >270 peoples registered Harbor 101 session
  * >170 peoples registered Harbor+Dragonfly session
  * >160 peoples registered Harbor deep dive session
  * Meet our US maintainer Nathan
  * Meet Helm maintainer to talk about the open questions about converged image and chart management
* Then, **_Daniel Jiang_** and **_Steven Zou_** shared the P0 and P1 items in the release V1.8 plan.
* Last, **_Steven Zou_** updated the status of project `harborctl` which need help from the community to accelerate the development progress.

## Chat messages

```
No English messages, ignored.
```

## Recording link

For meeting recording link, please check [here](https://zoom.us/recording/share/t_F2PdraDA7h8Lbmr-7TIV1gXMWQFYsShGnYfNY7VFqwIumekTziMw?startTime=1545829608000).
