# Meeting minutes of Harbor community conf call on 2018/11/07

## Topics

Early preview Harbor Helm Chart.

More details, please check the [slides](./community_call_2018-11-07.pptx).

## Minutes

* First, **_Yan_** gave a quick updates about Harbor related.
  * Updates the development process
    * v1.6.1 has been released
    * All of anchor features are implementation done exception Harbor on Helm Chart. 
  * Welcome to join the sessions hold by Harbor team in KubeCon Shanghai.
    * Nov 13, 10:55 Using BOSH to Deploy Harbor Registry of Cloud Foundry Day – Jesse Hu, Daojun Zhang
    * Nov 13, 14:00 Kubernetes Workshop with VMware (Harbor session) – Henry Zhang, Steven Zou
    * Nov 13, 16:35 From Enterprise Image Registry to Chart Repo – Daniel Jiang
    * Nov 14, 11:50 Harbor Introduction – Henry Zhang, Steven Zou
    * Nov 15, 12:15 Harbor Deep Dive – Daniel Jiang, Steven Zou
* Then, **_Wenkai Yin_** give a early preview about HA solution -- Harbor Helm Chart.
* Last, **_Yan_** demo the features contributed by community -- Retag and build history.

## Chat messages

```
00:32:21	SpringWar:	the pvc should be mounted by two pods, pvc type is glusterfs? not object storage?
00:34:55	SpringWar:	ok thanks
```

## Recording link

For meeting recording link, please check [here](https://zoom.us/recording/share/nL5GinGFYADmE7BpK0WcGt3vk5IizKPvHwJPuYuP7OqwIumekTziMw?startTime=1541595468000).
